President, I also found this
Liang Qingte booked a hotel last night,
And today, my husband and wife group bought one.
Restaurants for couples have longer monthly periods.
At this time, the man was still killing her family.
Got off ours.
Give me the details.
It has been prepared for you and will be sent to you.
By the way, how are things going with the leftover family?
I've had people stop all business. Not leaving
Then what will happen when you send your son to him?
What about tonight?
Come with me to have a meal later
Didn't you see it?
The deputy general manager is overjoyed
Why did the negative person suddenly remember to take me to dinner? What's wrong? Is it fate?
I must be one
Just now Yingcheng saw that I had no evil intentions
He gave me a towel
It's inconvenient. Thank you for discussing it. It will be solved.
Help me new Yingcheng can be busy
Now everyone left in the family says
I'm not Shengzhong's biological son
no matter what i say
If there is no world under heaven, how can the chief executive and the remaining family be left behind?
Don't worry, I'll let the doctor keep it a secret by the way.
But I've already felt it
Shun Zhong, he is still in the late stage after he gets it
Only a few days left to live
What kind of company? Isn’t it all yours? By the way